Instruction to make a Route/KService visible only inside cluster. (#694)
knative/docs: serving/cluster-local-route.md

> # Making your Routes local to the cluster.

Author: Done.

In Knative 0.3.x or later, all Routes with a domain suffix of
`svc.cluster.local` will only be visible inside the cluster.

This can be done by changing the `config-domain` config map as instructed
[here](./using-a-custom-domain.md).

> In addition to that, you can set the label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set the label
```

Author: Done

`serving.knative.dev/visibility=cluster-local` on your Route or KService to
achieve the same effect.  For example, to make the Route `helloworld-go` in
`default` namespace cluster local, run

```shell
kubectl label route helloworld-go serving.knative.dev/visibility=cluster-local
```

> if such label was not already set when creating the Route.

Reviewer: Suggest incorporating this line in the previous sentence so it doesn't get lost:

```suggestion
For example, if you didn't set a label when you created the Route `helloworld-go` and you want to make it local to the `default namespace cluster, run:
```

Author: Done
